Hi there, Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here.
Everyone, before we go further,
You remember my suggestion box from last time?
Look at this!
What do you think?
It's glowing, right?
Today, we're going to use a random word from the box as the basis for a round quiz!
Up until now, we've used the random things for acting out scenes, but now,
I want you to guess what they are.
Well, my round quiz ability...
Well, you'll see soon enough, but
For people who don't know, maybe it's best you don't.
Round Quiz Ai-chan, start!
I'm picking the theme...
Ah, I see. This -
this is super normal.
Let's go.
Ah, what's this slimy liquid?
It's hot!
Hot!
HOT!
There's so much of it.
No, no, no
Don't shake like that!
I'd like a bath.
Bathe until I'm nice and clean
Like my butt. It's always dirty...
Hey, wash me!
I'll go bad soon if you don't!
That's it.
Everyone, did you get it?
Ok, thinking time, start!
Round quiz, Round quiz, Round quiz, Round quiz! Round quiz!
Ok, time's up!
Did you get it?
The answer is...
A frypan!
Well?
I thought I properly conveyed the feelings of a frypan.
That was the round quiz!
Everyone! Do you properly wash the bottom of your frypan?
It gets burnt, after all.
That's why it's called a fry pan!
Ok, next!
Ah, I see.
Ah, this too,
I think let's go,
So, let's go!
Full!
Full!!
So full!
No!
What flavour am I now?
No, no, no!
Anything but caramel!
Even just salt would be better!
Salt is fine! Put me over there!
Caramel!
That's it.
Well, everyone? Did you understand?
So, thinking time, start!
Round quiz, round quiz, ro-und qu-iz, round quiz!
(Screen: Something you'd eat at a movie theatre)
Ok, time's up!
Did you understand?
With the hint this should be easy.
The answer is...
Popcorn!
Ok, this is the last one.
You'd better guess it.
Ah, you'll definitely get this one.
This is something you probably all have.
Let's go.
Start!
Please don't touch me with those dirty hands.
Please, just like you should wash your hands before eating, wash your hands before you touch me,
Wash your hands!
You don't have to click so intensely!
It hurts!
Please don't drop me.
It hurts!!
It hurts. Ah!
My face!
My beautiful face!
That's all.
Did you get it?
Thinking time, start!
Hint: a high tech device nearby
Ok, time's up!
The answer is... something you probably have in your hand
A smartphone!
Well, everyone, did you get it?
For the people who didn't get it, or those without imagination,
think harder next time!
Perfect.
What did you think of my acting skills?
that's right, they're amazing.
These guessing games, if you guys like them, I'll do more in the future.
If you come up with a good theme, leave a comment!
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai. See you later!
The box is great, isn't it...
I want to use it a little more.
Ah, it's like a hot spring!
It's like being in a bath.
♫ It's go-o-d~ ♫